Create a new rule i18n-avoid-global-imports (#6)
GetLuko/eslint-react-native-guidelines: packages/eslint-plugin-react-native/src/docs/rules/i18n-avoid-global-imports.md

# Enforces i18n usage by avoiding global imports (@getluko/react-native/i18n-avoid-global-imports)

> Allows you to enforce i18n by avoiding global imports. It can cause some errors on translation rendering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows you to enforce i18n by avoiding global imports. it allows changing language dynamically without restarting the app.
```

## Rule Details

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```jsx
  // bad ❌
  const key = i18n.t('key');
  return (
    <Text>{key}</Text>
  )
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```jsx
    // good ✅
    const getKey = () => i18n.t('key');
    return (
      <Text>{getKey()}</Text>

>     );

Reviewer: I'm still not convinced about the duplicate documentation. Not a big issue with 2 rules but with a lot of rules it will be harder to maintain

Author: Okey let's remove these duplicated markdowns then
